FIX catch exception while creating or updating a sku to prevent the v… (#15)
plentymarkets/plugin-elastic-export-check-24-de: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

# Release Notes for Elastic Export Check24.de

## v1.2.3 (2019-09-20)

### Fixed
Format **Check24DE Fashion**:

> - If a error occurs while creating or updating a SKU for a variation, that error will now be logged and the variation will be exported anyways.

Reviewer: Hmm anyways is here I think the wrong word. Select one of these :D https://www.dict.cc/?s=dennoch

Author: done

> - If a error occurs while creating or updating a SKU for a variation, that error will now be logged and the variation will be exported nevertheless.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If an error occurs while creating or updating a SKU for a variation, that error will now be logged and the variation will still be exported.
```
